#1457: Improve CLI error messages with suggestions (#1858)
devonfw/IDEasy: CHANGELOG.adoc

* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1823[#1823]: Fix IDEasy creates duplicate entries in .gitconfig
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1724[#1724]: Add gui commandlet
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1853[#1853]: Add ARM releases for VSCode on Mac

> * https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1457[#1457]: Improve CLI error messages on invalid args or options or commanlets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1457[#1457]: Improve CLI error messages on invalid args or commandlets not available in current context
```

* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1834[#1834]: Fix fix-vpn-tls-problem NullPointerException
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1724[#1724]: Add gui commandlet
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1853[#1853]: Add ARM releases for VSCode on Mac

> * https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/1457[#1457]: Improve CLI error messages on invalid args or commandlets not available in current context

Reviewer 2: Sorry my review took too long to get this into the release 2025.05.001.
Can you be so kind and move it up to the next release please.

Reviewer 2: I resolved this already. There was a conflict with main so I just addressed this in the resolution when merging FB with main.
